###############################
 Some Useful Python Functions
###############################

You may consider **any()** and **all()** as OR and AND opeartors.

**********
1. any():
**********

any() is a function that will return True if at least one  element/value of 
the *iterable* is true. If the *iterable* is empty, it will return False.


**********
2. all():
**********

all() will return True only when all elements of the *iterable* are true 
(or if the *iterable* is empty). Otherwise it will return false.


++++++++++++
Truth table
++++++++++++

Consider the following table for various conditions:

+---------------------+---------+---------+
|                     |   any   |   all   |
+---------------------+---------+---------+
| All Truthy values   |  True   |  True   |
+---------------------+---------+---------+
| All Falsy values    |  False  |  False  |
+---------------------+---------+---------+
| Atleast one Truthy  |  True   |  False  |
+---------------------+---------+---------+
| Atleast one Falsy   |  True   |  False  |
+---------------------+---------+---------+
| Empty Iterable      |  False  |  True   |
+---------------------+---------+---------+

*An iterable is an object that can return items in sequence.*
*The simplest examples are lists, strings, tuples etc.*

**********
3. dir():
**********

This function displays a whole (horizontal) list of items in any imported directory.
It's a useful function as at times one may want to use a particular item from a 
directory but is not sure if it is stored there.

To use this function just type dir(name of the directory) and a comma delimited list
is generated.

************
4. help():
************

This function has already been used in docstring context already. Here I will talk about
it in terms of providing more detail about the list of items found through the dir().

Each item from the list generated by dir() has a clear description of what it is and what 
it does. 

In the example I have imported 'decimal' and then used help to view details. It's a lot of
information, but very easy to scan when you are looking for some specific information.








